Welcome, in this video, we're going to do a little bit more advanced comparisons in GitHub.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and I'm on the "website" GitHub repository.
Go over to the right hand side and click on "Pull requests",
then click on new "pull request". That will take us to the compare changes page,
and by default, it's going to want you to compare two branches together;
however, if you scroll down, you'll notice that there's some advice
on other ways that you can do comparisons:
branches, tags, commit ranges, and also time ranges.
For example, we could compare the head of develop against three days ago on develop.
Let's expand out our base dropdown, and then type an expression
that will compare our develop branch from three days ago:
"develop"; and then the "@" symbol; then, in curly braces, a date range "",
then press enter. This gives us a comparison,
comparing the head of develop against develop from three days ago.
We can scroll down, and we can see the files that are associated with this comparison.
We can get even more specific; let's change this compare to a tag named "unstable".
Now we're comparing develop at three days ago to unstable.
Now let's change this to master at a specific date:
"master"; the "@" symbol; then, in curly braces, the specific date
in the year-month-day format, "2015-28-05",
that would be august 25th of 2015, then press enter.
Now we're comparing master at that specific date against the unstable tag.
Again, we can look down and see all the changes that were made.
In addition to using date ranges, we can use commit ranges,
including relative position to HEAD. Let's change compare back to "develop",
and let's change the base to "HEAD",
which HEAD typically points to the last commit on the current branch;
then the "@" symbol; and then, in curly brace, the number 3: "HEAD@".
Press enter, now we're comparing the current develop branch,
that is the HEAD position at develop branch, against the HEAD position at 3.
Let's do one more example; let's change our base to a tag,
in this case we're using the "stable" tag, against HEAD - 1 (HEAD^).
Press enter, and now we have our comparison from the stable tag versus HEAD - 1.
Scroll down, and you can see the differences involved.